So let's look at the deployment model for Splunk.
Let's say that these are the sources from where we can gather data.
So this is where all the raw data comes from.
We have something called a forwarder,
which gets a raw data,
and then that is used by the indexer to index the data,
and that is pulled by the search heads when they are queried from
all the different graphical user interfaces
or they can be queried even without using graphical user interfaces.
I will explain this in the next slide in more detail.
So like I mentioned, search head,
what it does is it provides you
with a response to the request that you're trying to search.
The indexer converts a forwarders raw data into something called events.
Now, this is a Splunk terminology.
Then it indexes into something called a bucket.
It's nothing but a space or a bucket.
Then we have a forwarder which can go to and fro.
There are two types of forwarders,
universal as well as heavy.
So let's look a little more detailed about this.
This is something that is available on the Splunk official website.
So this describes the inputs,
and then that go into the parsing queue.
So this is the process of parsing,
which is then indexed from the queue to the pipeline,
and then it's searched.
So this is where the search actually happens.